I hate this woman I hate her she told
everyone in the company about that
infomercial and now they all keep asking
me to open their drinks I can't do it
they're all like like laughing at me
hello hey
so Rachel call wants to see me going
over in a minute
well what do you think she wants well
maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she
realizes that life without me uh sucks
you are very lovable I'd miss you if I
broke up with you you're just trying to
be supportive be supportive like a guy I
broke up with you I'd miss you
I don't think this town is big enough
for the both of us two relaxing
draw I wasn't doing anything
uh-oh what did she do now just because
she went to Yale Drama she think she's
like the greatest actress since since
sliced bread a wonderful Lady Macbeth
god I just I hate her I hate her with
their oh I'm so talented and oh I'm so
pretty and you smell so good I think
somebody has a crush on somebody hey
Chandler could we please try and stay
focused on my problem here
I'm talking about you you big big freak
oh okay you're out of your mind
you have done nothing to talk about here
for the last 48 hours if you were in a
schoolyard you'd be pulling her pigtails
and pushing her down now oh yeah
then how come I keep thinking about her
in all these sexual scenarios and stuff